Source                    :    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eulerian_path#Hierholzer.27s_algorithm

Eulerian Path/Trail/Walk  :    In graph theory, an Eulerian trail (or Eulerian path) is a trail in a finite graph that visits                                  every edge exactly once (allowing for revisiting vertices).
Eulerian circuit/cycle    :    Eulerian circuit or Eulerian cycle is an Eulerian trail that starts and ends on the same vertex.
                   
Conditions :-
For Eulerian  Trail       :    All vertices in the graph have an even degree.
For Eulerian  Circuit     :    Zero or two vertices have an odd degree.
                          :    A graph that has an Eulerian trail but not an Eulerian circuit is called semi-Eulerian.
                          
                          
                          
Properties :-
1.An undirected graph has an Eulerian cycle if and only if every vertex has even degree, and all of its vertices with nonzero degree belong to a single connected component.
2.An undirected graph can be decomposed into edge-disjoint cycles if and only if all of its vertices have even degree. So, a graph has an Eulerian cycle if and only if it can be decomposed into edge-disjoint cycles and its nonzero-degree vertices belong to a single connected component.
3.An undirected graph has an Eulerian trail if and only if exactly zero or two vertices have odd degree, and all of its vertices with nonzero degree belong to a single connected component.
4.A directed graph has an Eulerian cycle if and only if every vertex has equal in degree and out degree, and all of its vertices with nonzero degree belong to a single strongly connected component. Equivalently, a directed graph has an Eulerian cycle if and only if it can be decomposed into edge-disjoint directed cycles and all of its vertices with nonzero degree belong to a single strongly connected component.
5.A directed graph has an Eulerian trail if and only if at most one vertex has (out-degree) − (in-degree) = 1, at most one vertex has (in-degree) − (out-degree) = 1, every other vertex has equal in-degree and out-degree, and all of its vertices with nonzero degree belong to a single connected component of the underlying undirected graph.

  



